Introducing Transifex API SDK (#48)
transifex/transifex-python: transifex/api/README.md

```python
organization.name
# <<< 'My organization'
```

To get a list of projects, do:

```python
projects = transifex_api.Project.filter(organization=organization)
```

If you look into the
[API docs](https://transifex.github.io/openapi/#tag/Projects/paths/~1projects/get),
you can see that:

1. the `organization` filter is required
2. A `slug` filter is also supported

So, to find a specific project, you can do:

```python
project = transifex_api.Project.filter(organization=organization, slug="my_project")[0]
```

Or you can use the shortcut:

```python
project = transifex_api.Project.get(organization=organization, slug="my_project")
```

`get` does the same thing as `filter(...)[0]` but raises an exception if the
number of results is not 1.

If you look at how a project is represented in the
[API docs](https://transifex.github.io/openapi/#tag/Projects/paths/~1projects~1{project_id}/get),
you will see that they have a `languages` relationship with a `related` link.
This means that you can access a project's target languages with:

```python
languages = project.fetch('languages')
```

### Changing attributes

> Lets use what we've learned so far alongside the API documentation to find a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's use what we've learned so far alongside the API documentation to find a
```

> "string translation _slot_":

Reviewer: maybe explain the "slot" a little bit?

We have to specify which fields we will be sending to the API with `save`'s
positional arguments.

Because this is a common use-case (setting attributes and immediately saving
them on the server), there is a shortcut:

```python
translation.save(strings={'other': source_string + " in greeek!!!"})
```

### Changing relationships

Lets use projects, teams and project languages as examples:

```
project = transifex_api.Project.get(...)
team_1 = project.fetch('team')
team_2 = transifex_api.Team.filter(...)[0]
```

If we want to change the project's team from `team_1` to `team_2`, we have 2
options:

```python
project.team = team_2
project.save('team')

# Or

project.save(team=team_2)
```

This is similar to how we change attributes. The other option is:

```python
project.change('team', team_2)
```

This will send a PATCH request to
[`/projects/XXX/relationships/team`](https://transifex.github.io/openapi/#tag/Projects/paths/~1projects~1{project_id}~1relationships~1team/patch)
to perform the change. Again, you should consult the API documentation to see
which relationships can be changed and with which methods (in this case -
changing a project's team - both methods are available).

> The `project -> team` is a "singular relationship". To change a "plural

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `project -> team` is an "one-to-one relationship". To change an "one-to-many
```

Author: A "singular" relationship can either be a one-to-one or a foreign-key relationship. In this case it means that a project belongs to **one** team. It doesn't say whether other projects can or cannot belong to the same team.

# This will remove the supplied languages from the project's target languages
# The project's languages after this will be: ['a', 'c']
project.remove('languages', [language_b])
```

The HTTP methods used for `reset`, `add` and `remove` are `PATCH`, `POST` and
`DELETE` respectively. As always, you should consult the API documentation to
see if the relationship in question is editable and which methods are
supported.

### Creating and deleting things

The following examples should be self-explanatory.

To create something:

```python
organization = transifex_api.Organization.list()[0]
source_language = transifex_api.Language.list()[0]
project = transifex_api.Project.create(name="New Project",
                                       slug="new_project",
                                       private=True,
                                       organization=organization,
                                       source_language=source_language)
```

You can see which fields are supported in the API documentation. The
`organization` and `source_language` arguments are interpreted as relationships.

To delete something:

```python
project.delete()
```

### File uploads and downloads

> There is some code in `transifex.api` that automate several {json:api}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is code in `transifex.api` that automates several {json:api}
```
